docs(empty-state): add related component tips (#7672)
yamada-ui/yamada-ui: www/contents/components/(components)/empty-state.mdx

</EmptyState.Root>
```

:::tip
If the resource is loading rather than empty, consider using [Skeleton](/docs/components/skeleton).
:::

:::tip

> If you need to convey information to the user instead of showing an empty or unavailable resource, consider using [Alert](/docs/components/alert).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you need to convey information to the user instead of showing an empty or unavailable resource, use [Alert](/docs/components/alert).
```

Author: Fixed!
